project work flow


teacher/admin:
teacher/admin creates an account. can create student accounts. can add courses to a branch.
verifies student enrollment, courses verification, payment verification.
see and edit profile of his, students.
manually or automatically evaluate.
publish results.
see performance of students of his department. student from different department not showed.
teacher uploads a question paper, its stored in text file, accessed after fetching its data from the 
mysql table.

admin exclusive:
adds departments into department table.
manages teacher accounts.
sees all institution, see all students, all activities in the website.
typical super admin/ highest access power.


student:
the student inside an institution is
inside a department which also contains tutors/teachers
inside a branch, like in computer science department in computer science engg branch
or cybersecurity branch etc. he also have different courses in a branch in a department.
see and edit profile of his.
make payment, get receipt.
do exam, learn from notes, see results. if teacher allows, get certificate.
enroll in a course. do mock tests.
see performance.

a particular department contains some courses if all are passed a certificate is given.

















heres how the project works:

project starts
the admin adds departments
teacher signs in.
aadds courses and students(maybe).
student signs in.
enrolls in a course of his department .
teacher verfiers it. before that he can unenroll
after that he pays money for registrtionn which teacher also verfies.
then he learns note(which i have added into the folder).
take mock tests,results shown immediately.
when exam registration happens
he pays again. verified by teacher again.

there will be indicators in the course page of student page for all actions. they will, always be there. for example if not enrolled, it shows not enrolled and a button
to enroll. if enrolled abutton to un enroll is there and a indicator which shows not verifed. which changes if teacher verifies. after that payment status will be there
like the above. then admin creates a question paper txt file and uploads it with 4 options. in exam page in student page,it opens a form page with the questions and options.of course the exam name and ithers are stored in the tables;
after filling the mcq,his answers are stored in a table in the form of a string like "aabcdcd" for answers. after completing it. the teacher evaluates it by sharing an answer sheet at the exam tab, to evaluate the answer(u get it).
 tehn he clicks a publish b uton so the student can see it. the student and teacher in a department are a blcok another depart is another section, they dont see tjhe same notes,courses,exams etc.
then do the performance chart.
